Buckle your seat belts, chat. Today,
we're going to Death Road. In the Death
Road challenge, you got to walk to all
nine cities of Skyrim, but you can't
ever leave the road. And you might be
thinking to yourself, [music] "Death
Road is lame. So, what's your real
idea?" Death Road is going to be awesome
because I've installed five mods that
add tons of new enemies and random
spawns all over the roads, and I have to
survive this chaos while collecting as
much money as possible. Basically,
whatever items and gold I can gather on
the road, I sell at the very end. and
the total gold I've earned is my final
score of the death road challenge. But
every time I die, I have to drop the
five most valuable items that I own,
which means constantly deciding when to
fight guys [music] for that sweet loot
versus just running like a coward. It
sounds pleasant. No, dude. It's not
going to be pleasant. Do you listen to
the music?
[screaming]
>> So, let's kick off this challenge with a
brand new character, Death Row. Dude,
this is sick. I [__] love Death Road.
Meat, meat, meat, meat, meat, meat. Yes.
Death road gibbs, man. Raw rabbit legs,
two points of health. We're [__]
stacked, man.
Nobody says death roads boring. Now,
let's say [music] I just can't step off
of the stones, you know, from like the
side of the road. I'm going to be here.
>> Such a boring video.
>> No, it's not. Death Road is going to be
[__] sick. Mount. Ow. The [__] Okay,
we got wolf pelts. Is there anything in
Riverwood? I guess I could kill the
chicken. No, I don't want to get
arrested. I don't want guards after me.
Wait, I can take these cabbages, though.
Oh, death road gives. Wait, is that a
mud crab? That's not supposed to be
here. What is going on over there? Okay,
Death Road is getting a little wild
anyway. Uh, okay. I think that's all I
can do here. Death Road continues.
[music]
Dude, Death Road is [__] sick, man.
What is this? This is new. Scholar. Oh,
he sells stuff. He's selling books.
Okay, here's the thing. These books are
kind of valuable. I feel like this is
worth killing. I just don't know how
hard this guy's going to be.
>> Victory is yours. I No, you don't. Oh my
god. Okay. Okay. Then we get book. Book.
And we get his clothes. And I get a
dagger. I actually have a weapon. I
think I can kill the mercenary as well.
God, this is so epic. Death road is so
[__] sick, you guys. I'm almost dead.
I'm running from the mercenary. Okay,
we'll come back to White Run later. Uh,
for now, we're going to the right
towards Riftton. Can you leave, dude?
There's wolves.
>> Oh, there's guards.
Oh my god. Got him. Holy [__] Armor.
Armor. Armor. Hella good armor. I am
getting this. This this this this. Oh my
god. This is so good. So, when is your
next stream? This is a great stream.
Everybody loves Death Road. We're having
a great time. Now that I've made it to
Whiterun, the real challenge starts. The
first segment is to walk from Whiterun
all the way down to Rifted. But again,
if I die, I drop my five most valuable
items and I go back to the starting
point. Now, per the rule book, I do get
one save in between every city, but I
have to be picky about when to use it.
Here we go. Death road. Okay, I have an
idea. It would not be a good idea to
piss off the stormcloaks.
But
[__] Okay, we're running. Dude, I just
need a bow and arrow. Are those wolves?
What is that? Jesus. Okay, gray wolf
pups. Wait, maybe the storm folks will
attack them. There's so many things
right now. Death road is [__] crazy
right now.
GET OFF. GET OFF ME. IT'S MY ROAD. GET
OFF THE ROAD. GOD, THERE'S SO MANY.
DUDE, DEATH ROAD IS IMPOSSIBLE. I've had
rock joint. Do they leave me alone ever?
Oh, they left. Oh, what is that,
dude? What the [__]
Okay, we're back to here. I'm dropping
my most valuable items. 1 2 3 4 5. God,
I'm so [__] stoked for Death Road.
Everybody agrees this is awesome.
[music]
>> Death Road, where your channel dies of
boredom.
>> No, everybody's having a great time on
Death Road.
>> It feels we are a group of fussy,
untrusted 5year-olds at the birthday
party, and Doug is a magician. He's
trying his best to be exciting and
enthusiastic.
>> Death Road is awesome. Oh my god. Why
are there so many of them, dude? [__]
No, no, no, no, no, no. They're
sprigins. [__]
[__] WHY ARE THERE 50 WOLVES on Death
Road? Back to White Run.
WHAT IS THAT? Why are there more wolves?
Okay, hold on. A contracted crimson
plague.
I am the king of death road. Oh, there's
so much stuff here. Oh,
dude. This is the [__] run. Oh god.
Oh, there's wolves. What is that? What?
That's a Welva. Oh my god, it's so What
the [__] man? 1 2 3 4 5
Oh no, no, no, no. What is happening?
What is a derzog?
Goblin warlord. Okay.
>> [music]
>> This is impossible. 1 2 3 4 5. The mods
are too powerful. That's what makes it
death road, baby.
>> What am I supposed to do on Death Road?
>> Chat, I have a theory that the all of
Duke Doug's challenges are little baby
challenges, and he just plays badass
manly music to make us think the
challenges are hard.
>> That's not true.
>> Okay.
Whoa. Holy [__] man. Garnet. $100. I
can't die, man. This is what it's all
about. Jesus Christ, man. There's so
much [__] going on. Oh, there's a Volva.
Fight each other. What are you guys
doing? Are you enemies? Why are they
only going for me?
One hit.
Immersive creatures are insanely
unbalanced. [music]
Oh, goblin war.
Maybe that's why there's so many
goblins. Goblin wies nuts. Turns out the
death road is insanely hard. And one of
these mods had the difficulty set too
high accidentally, which is why the
vulvas were oneshotting me and I've been
constantly dropping all of my money and
items. I have essentially collected
nothing so far I broke. So, I fixed the
difficulty on that mod and then I chose
to make my first save here. If I could
stay alive from here on out, then we can
start to make some real cash. Death
Road.
Okay. What's going on with Death Road?
Why is it really really chill all of a
sudden? Like, I'm going to play some
chill ass music. Let's just let's just
vibe, dude.
What was that? Okay, Death Road is only
Wolf Road. Why did it turn into Wolf
Road? It's It's only Wolf. Isn't this
sick? One in chat if this is the best
experience of your life. [cheering]
Oh my god, I leveled up. Yes, we can all
agree Wolf Road is pretty sick.
doing great on Wolf Road.
We're so [__] back. Why does the wolf
have gems on it? Okay, we're kind of
back.
What is that? Cave bear cub. And there's
a bear. No. Please no. Please no. Please
no. Please. I'm running full speed.
[music] It's not fair. That's not fair.
Okay, I just need to run. I just need to
run. I just need to run. There's [__]
wolves [music] in front of me. God damn
it. [groaning]
Okay, they're roaring. They're roaring.
Maybe we're good. Oh my god, there's so
many. Please. WHAT IS THIS? THERE'S
ASSASSINS. NO. [laughter]
GOD DAMN IT. [__] death road. Okay, now
she comes here and I kill her and I
steal her stuff. Please, please, please.
Why does she have no things on her?
Dude, what the hell?
Help me. Help me. Help me. Help me. Get
[music] up.
>> Oh, there's a bear. [screaming] No, no,
no.
[music]
Man, [__] why.
What else can I do?
>> Don't be [music] afraid to listen to
your own.
>> Oh god, he has a lot of health.
>> I'm almost dead. Do I have anything?
Food. Lag of ghost.
>> Why did I do that? He killed me in one
shot.
>> You are asking why did you do that? It's
because Doug Doug is playing death road
challenge on Skyrim on expert
difficulty.
>> You know why?
>> And because Doug is so cool.
>> You're [__] right. Cuz it's called
Death Road. That's why. Cuz it's death
[__] road. Those are hag ravens,
dude. What? That's not fair. This is
like an endgame enemy.
>> Oh my god. Okay, that being said,
getting some crazy XP from this. It has
gems inside. Okay, we're [__] rich.
>> Ow. [__] Ow. It's hurting. Ow. I'm
running. I'm running. I'm running. I'm
running. How far are we?
>> Okay. About halfway.
>> Dunk. I believe in you. Not ha.
Come on, man. Too far. [screaming]
>> Let's go.
>> Match probes. Magic robes. Necromancer
robes. Oh [__] This the one. Amethyst.
$120. Oh my god. We're so in mercenary.
Do I kill him? He might have precious
emeralds. The world is giving you a
chance. I know. This is the god run. I
forgot how far I have to reset.
[__] Okay, I'm not going to kill him.
I'm growing up. I'm letting an innocent
man live.
Life road. Wow. Really makes you think
>> sometimes you do live long enough to not
be a murderer on death road.
>> Uh, funny you say that.
>> The road made you soft.
>> Oh yeah. Does this look like somebody
who's turned soft? [screaming]
>> GOBLINS. THERE'S A GOBLIN WAR. I'M
RUNNING. THEY'RE FIGHTING WOLVES. I
don't [__] CARE. I'M OUT. I'M NOT
LETTING THE GOBLINS NEAR ME. OKAY, they
are fighting wolves, which means the
goblins [music] will win, which means
they'll be running this way soon. We
have to get out of there. OH MY GOD.
WHAT IS THAT? There are like five
giants. Okay. Okay. So, that's cool.
That's cool. So, what we're going to do,
we're just going to run like this. Oh,
[__] Oh my god, there's bears. Please
fight the giants. Oh, the bears are
fighting the giant. Can I get a kill?
No, I can't. Dude, just go. Just go down
the road. The giant ain't leaving. Just
run. I feel like you guys don't
understand the challenge. You have to
get items. I got to take risks
eventually. I can't just be a coward
forever. Holy [__] That is riftton.
[music]
I'm going to go for the bears.
Oh, $50. $60. Wolfp $10. Damn. Now
that's a juicy [__] dub. Let's go.
One of nine is done. So after a brisk 4
and a half hours, I reached Rifted. That
is one out of nine cities done. And I
can't actually go inside because that
would be leaving the road. So now it's
time to turn back. We go north and we
head towards the next city of Windhelm.
And let me just say, I love Death Road.
>> $375.
Your precious emeralds are mine.
Amethyst. [music]
I'm so stoked on death road right now.
Oh [__] there's a storm attra. I'm
going to fight him cuz here's what I can
do. I can use my level up.
Jesus Christ. Destruction. Okay, leveled
up. I run. I let the wolves hit the
Atronac. WHAT THE [__] IS THAT? There's
rhinos. Why are there rhinos? Wait, how
much health does it have? Oh, that has a
lot of health. We're running.
Uh,
this is fine. [laughter] This is fine.
Wait, wait. If it's too slow to attack.
Oh, I can just outplay him.
>> Oh, we're almost at the city.
>> Doug, this is the rhinoceros. Get back
here. [laughter]
>> Dude, you need to hurry the [__] up.
That's the city. If I make it to the
gate, I just need to touch the gate and
I'm in.
>> Watching you struck this is literally
the funnest. my [__]
>> Okay, he's actually leaving.
He's actually not leaving. Okay, the
city guards will help.
Ow. [__] ow. Hold on. I bet you his
horn is worth like $300 in this game.
We're going for him.
We're so back. NO. COME HERE AND FIGHT
ME. WHAT the [__] WHAT IS THAT?
[__] I'm sorry.
[__] Hold on. The giant is going We're
checking out. The giant is killing Who
the [__] is that?
Oh god, they're coming for me now. [__]
Okay, so there are armored giants on the
farms. Man, I have really kind of ruined
these farmers day. Oh my god. Is that a
goat?
That's a goat. Okay. Okay, we're back.
We're back. We're back. We're so [__]
back.
Come here. No.
Okay. Okay. Okay. Okay. This is road.
This is road. This is road. Okay. I
might be [__] I might be [__]
WHERE ARE THE GUARDS? THERE IS A giant
right there, dude. Fight him.
Wait. He's stuck. So, what you're saying
is I get to kill the giant.
Okay. Then go through them. Didn't go
through them. Didn't go through. Uh,
okay. Well, if [laughter] I touch the If
I touch the gate, I win. If I touch the
gate, I win. If I touch the gate, I win.
And I [__]
did it. Windhelm done.
Okay, so technically, even though I did
make it to Windhelm, I immediately died.
I had to drop five more items, and I
never actually killed the woolly rhino.
I think he's still killing farmers
somewhere. So, at this point, I've
reached two of nine cities. By my math,
that's like halfway. And I'll be honest,
I've collected like nothing. Every time
I get anything valuable, I immediately
die to a goblin war or something. So
from this point forward, my goal is to
get good items and stay alive, as my
grandma used to tell me. Is this death
[__] road?
That is a lot of people. Oh my god. Oh
my god. Wa. Okay, that's a lot of
people. Okay, death road might be
[__] If I run to the city, I might be
able to get help if the guards actually
do their job. Please, please, please
stop. [music] Please stop. Please stop
that. Guards, I'm being killed in front
of you. Oh my god, I leveled up. I can
survive. Guards, am I high? What is
going on? Do I look like an [__]
What is wrong with the guards?
They're literally being shot, man. What
is happening?
Okay, they didn't [music] they didn't
see me.
[laughter] How did that work?
Now the guards are killing us.
[laughter]
Uh, hooded worship room. Oh my god. $700
staff. What the [__] dude? These guys
are walking bags of money.
Why? Why is that here? Oh, it's cuz I
killed his mammoth.
Okay, so the giant is helping fight
against the random mages. The giant is
actually a friend. Okay. Oh, yeah. I can
learn the items. Belium conjure minion.
Yeah, that's worth it. And then with the
staff. Okay, this thing is crazy cuz we
can summon Draas. Don't for the love of
God save. Oh, I should use my save here,
right? Yeah, this is probably worth a
save. So, I no longer have a checkpoint
[music] on this leg of the route. So,
I'm locked in here and I got to make it
to winter hold. But now I can do this. I
can summon a skeleton.
I can summon a Drammora at any point
that I need. And there are five giants
in front of me. I mean, we just got to
run past, right? Maybe they're friendly.
I'm just walking by peasely. Nope, we're
not chill. or not chill at all. We're
not chill. I'm going to look back and
see if they're still following me. We
can't know for certain until I've
looked. Okay, I know they are. So, what
we're going to do is we're going to
cross the bridge here. Get these guards
to attack the giants. That slows them
down. Wait, can the guards kill them?
Oh, that killed the guard in one hit.
Okay. Yeah. Nope. Nope. No. No. Nope.
Nope. Nope. Dude, he he's chasing. That
is not good. He will kill me in one hit.
Unless these guys can hold us.
Should I put on my armor? Oh, summon.
Summon.
Uh, hello. Using.
[__] I should have gone earlier. I I
wasn't thinking. No, I HAVE TO DROP MY
MOST powerful items. I didn't think
about that. I didn't think I would lose
it. I was trying to play it safe. [__]
Oh, I wasn't thinking that I would lose
that.
>> We are not mad, just disappointed. I
have my precious gems. That's what
really matters. Oh, this thing was
[music] so good.
>> You know that horror movies where the
character just stood there instead of
running and died in the end? [laughter]
That's you.
>> I would put this [music] in like top
five national tragedies.
[music]
>> No, no, no.
I I didn't know it WAS HEALING. I
THOUGHT I PRESSED THE BUTTON AND I was 1
2 3 4 5 My loot.
That's a dra worshiper. She might have
staffs. Okay, have a staff. Staff staff
staff staff. STAFF THE LESSER DRA. YES,
IT'S BACK. WE'RE so back. Yes. Oh, death
road. Are those goblin pig riders? Holy
[__]
[__] No, I'm not losing this. No, no,
no, no, no, no. Okay, they killed it in
one hit. [__] [screaming]
1 2 3 4 5. All my gem rolls.
This stream had been an emotional roller
coaster. Every staff I found and lost
felt like finding and losing a long
pointy girlfriend. So to cope with my
grief, I found this stuff at a fancy
grocery store in LA. I have no idea what
this is, but it's made from bees and
it's called royal jelly. So, I think
this is the [__] of the queen and you
drink it and then you play death road.
Isn't that the stuff that turns drones
into queens? Damn right. Think of how
good I'll be at Death Road with this.
[music]
>> Flicked come in my eye. Notice how much
be forgetting the most important part of
him [music] playing on expert. Doug is
also a super cool guy. Let's get it
right. Also, holy [__] I [__] love
Death Road. Please jam it in my [__]
>> [laughter]
>> Oh, by the way, I coded my own donation
system. Holy [__] I love Death Row,
dude. Royal [music] jelly is technically
bee breast milk. Is it? They are bugs.
Yeah, they don't have breasts.
>> If royal jelly is be breast milk, does
that mean it comes from poopies?
>> Get out of my office. Check this [__]
out. I'll shoot at those guys. Lure them
out here. Check this [__] out. And then
the soldiers start running away.
>> Dude, what? You're supposed to fight.
Here we go. [music] Here we go. Okay,
these bandits are super strong. I
definitely cannot fight them by myself.
Okay, now we take all of his [__]
$250.
$320. $250. Okay, we're so back. [music]
And [music] through pure [__] skill,
dude, and the power of the bee come
coursing through my stomach. We made it
to Winterhold. [music] And that is when
her hole done
>> 07 for the beat committ Doug's stomach.
>> You don't need to 07 for food. It's like
[laughter] pretty. So after getting
covered with a messy B, we're done with
onethird of the cities. I think that's
like halfway done. And I actually have a
bit of money finally. So to get through
the next cities, we turned on the best
song in the entire world. Death roads by
John Denver. To the death.
Death road. [screaming]
Death road.
Take death road. [singing]
Take me [music] home.
Death road.
Damn, dude. I can't wait to go home. The
[__] death road. Oh, more wolves.
West Virginia
take me roads.
Country road
death. Oh, wait.
didn't live dead wrong [music]
for the dead.
Take me home [singing]
to
where I belong.
road.
Take me home.
>> Hey, Doug. Are we there yet?
Are we there yet? Are we there yet? Are
we there yet?
>> I will turn this car around.
>> There's multiple of them. I paralyze
one, paralyzing the other. [__] Shoot
it. Shoot it. Shoot it. Shoot it for the
love of God. it. [__] run. Take me
home
to a road.
Get [__]
[music]
Okay, I made it to Solitude.
Congratulations, believers. That was uh
not that hard. I'm going to be f We have
officially reached Solitude. We're about
halfway done. And best of all, fellow
Skyrim YouTuber Jube saw me playing this
challenge on stream and he DM'd me.
quote, "I [laughter] [__] love Death
Road. Please jam it, my asshole." So, I
sent him the list of mods and I
challenged him to beat my total money
score at the end. What the [__] going
on over here, man? There's some [__]
happening. Death Road. Okay, BLACK MAGE
100 $1,600.
And yes, Jude might be way better at
Skyrim than me. Yes, I might not
actually understand how this game works.
And yes, I didn't do very well in the
first half. But now I have this crazy
ass staff. This thing is worth like a
billion dollars. And it paralyzes
enemies when you shoot them. So, it is
way easier to stay alive. If I keep this
thing, I will crush, too. My butt's
clenching. Damn, dude. Death [__]
road. I'm so into Death Road.
[music]
>> Oh my god, something's actually
happening on Death Road. Uh, what is
Thalmore? Things were already looking
good. And then I found this group of
Thalmore wizards. And the thalmore are
total Nepo babies.
Oh my god.
Okay. Okay. All right. Hooded thalmore
robes. $400.
[music]
We're decked to the tits right now. I
have so much stuff. Death [__] road.
[music]
Free and share items. You have nothing.
It's to share. I Oh, I'm supposed to
share with her. Where would she hide? I
thought she would share the loot. Dude,
that's not on me. Right. She might have
butt gemeralds. Exactly. Good point. I'm
not going to ask where she keeps her
general. Okay. If I was going to Is
Skyrim prison, I [music] would hide my
precious emeralds in my dug hole. I
would because that way you [music] might
convince some guy who walks by who might
save you to let you free if you share
the emeralds. It was a lot less weird
than you guys are making it out to be.
Be honest. If I was walking down the
road and my hands were tied and then I
was like, "Hey, if you help me out, I've
got rubies in my [__] Would you help
me or accept the rubies?" Yeah, you can
clean them. All I know is that if she
did have general zipper but she [music]
would be alive now. Now wouldn't she?
>> There you go. Okay, we know one thing.
[music]
>> That is seven out of nine done. I think
I speak for everyone when I say I
[__] love death road. [music]
[music]
Oh my god. I can sell my [__] I can
sell the wooden staff. Do I sell it?
Now, the reason I might sell the staff
here is cuz it gives me immediate cash,
and you don't lose any money when you
die. So, the question is, do I cash out
the staff now for guaranteed money, or
do I risk keeping it cuz it'll help me
stay alive during the rest of the run?
>> Tell the staff so the road is actually
interesting.
>> Fine,
it's gone.
>> Do you not trust Death Road to provide?
Has Death Road not given you enough when
you trusted it?
>> Why do you doubt Death Road now when
you're almost dead? [__] right. Death
Lord will give me another staff if I
need it.
>> Oh my god. Wounded travel.
>> Kill him. No. Maybe he'll give me a
bunch of stuff. He's probably got
gemeralds in his ass. I have two potions
that I bought. I'm giving him one
because I'm a good person.
>> For your help, I'm sending word to the
orc strongholds that you're to be
trusted. You should be welcome there
now.
>> He gave me 50 gold. Yo, orc strongholds
are no longer hostile. It's just not as
hype as you made it sound just now.
>> Fight the cats. You must be king co. So,
here you go. Wounded traveler. This
potion was up my [__]
>> Okay, whatever. I'm going to buy a
schuma. I'll buy two schuma. Actually,
might be relevant. It might save my
life.
Getting a lot of soul gems. This is
super helpful. If I kept the staff, you
know what I could have done? Could have
recharged it.
Okay, we're good. Death Row is a [__]
cakewalk, man.
Oh, [__] Oh, this is exactly why I
wanted the [music] This is exactly
It's cuz of these [__] things.
I pulled back with bow to get a couple
shots in.
I missed. There's a goblin warlord. IT'S
A GOBLIN WAR. [__] I ACTUALLY need to
drink my scuma. One, two. Both scuma
down.
Oh, the Kajit. They'll help me.
Oh, she immediately died. Wow. Okay. Uh,
okay. Goblin warlord.
Oh my god, I do so much damage to my
claws. Let's go. I win the Goblin War.
Hey Doug, I accidentally sent you 300
bits with no message. When I sent the
real message after it randomly added
some extra TTS saying also, "Holy [__]
I [__] love death mode. Please jam it
in my asshole." Is that a secret TTS
feature I didn't know about?
>> You probably put that in your message.
If the thing said it, that means that
came from you. You must have said it.
[screaming]
>> Where is the road go? Am I going the
right direction? Okay, so this was not
the right path to take.
>> OH, BEARS. WHAT THE [__] MAN? I WAS
>> [screaming]
>> AT LEAST WE SOLD the staff. You know
what? You're right. You're right. We
sold the staff. Okay, that's three robes
that are worth $400. One, two, three,
and the steel armor and the iron sword
of burning.
Okay. And I'm at fog grief. And that's
eight out of nine done.
>> Well, that last stretch was so
thrilling. It makes me want to shove
Death Road up my ass. [laughter]
>> Me too, man. Now look, that was a pretty
easy run to Fallree, but now it's time
for the final city. If I can make it to
Whiterun and touch the city gates, then
the challenge is over. However, I did
kill some innocent people earlier. So,
the guards will attack me on site. And
the old me would have been terrified of
that. You would have run like a coward.
But now, I've been forged by the fires
of death [__] road. I'm ready.
>> By the generals in my asses, I believe.
Let them jiggle in victory as you run
the death road.
>> It's time
the final leg of death road
begins.
Wow. [__] cinema, dude. Death [__]
road. Look, one skeleton. Death road.
Whoa. That's expert difficulty for you,
dude. This is hard as [__]
I am going to use my save here. Right
here, I've gone from Falry up. From here
to Whiter Run. From here, it's just good
god-fearing freedomloving beer drinking
death road. No fluff, nothing special.
Just the fellas and the fellows out on
the road.
Is anything going to spawn? Okay,
spiders. It's a single spider.
Nothing is willing to come on my road
anymore. They know that I'm the king of
the road. Me and Skellyy dominated. It's
only foxes. THIS IS MY [__] ROAD.
Oh [__] No. No. No.
Well, I had half of my health. What? All
right, we're dropping bow. Bow.
Amethyst. Garnet. Garnet. I have no
weapon. [music]
Uh, these guys are chill, right?
Okay. Okay. Okay. All right. This is
[__] death road. We're back.
BOOM. GET OFF MY [__] ROAD. BLACK
MAGE ROSE $153.
[music]
Death road.
That is white run. We hit that city.
We're done. Uh, are the guards mad at me
or this guy?
>> The yard. Stop playing.
>> [__] It's a $2,000 bounty. [__] I'd
end the challenge with nothing, dude.
Well, we're running.
I [music] need to get skellyy. Boy,
skellyy, go distract him.
Okay, that's actually working. Okay,
that's actually working. He's
distracting. Okay, WE GOT A STRAT. NOT
NOW, WOLVES.
OKAY, drop the skeleton. We [music] look
at our potions. We grab a few schumas.
We jam that. Hey, death rope.
Right in the nuts. Okay, these guys
probably have a lot of valuables. We got
to still collect items, man. All right,
what do you got? What do you got?
Sherbar, $13. SILVER GARNET RATE $160.
AMETHYST FOR $140. OKAY. Are there more
civilians you can kill?
Oh,
death [__] road, dude. Silver
necklace, silver ring, lockpick, iron
dagger. Oh, man. Woo! Yeah!
LOOK AT HIM. $200 EMERALDS, $600.
OH, WE'RE SO [__] BACK.
OH, you should not have come out to
mourn the dead. That was a bad decision.
Hey, has anyone seen my farm friends?
They are very genocide, so I'm a little
worried for their health.
>> Ladies and gentlemen, I pop out one last
jelly.
>> Death for the death.
>> There's a little present for the guards.
I pop one, two schumas. And now I zip
and I zoo.
Ow. Wo. Okay, that actually hurt a lot.
Hold on. I just have to touch the gauge.
Wa. They're doing a lot of damage. Holy
[__] Okay, that's kind of scary.
Skellyy.
Oh my god, there's two more. I shot the
gate. I shot to get in the gate. I can't
get the gate.
That's right, [__]
Death road [music]
complete.
Oh, hold on. No, THAT DOESN'T COUNT. I
WIN. THAT'S the ending, right? [__] And
that's how I completed the Death Road
challenge. And it's only fitting that
Death Road would kill me one last time,
which means we [music] are ready to
calculate my final score. So, I headed
to Windhelm to sell all my loot. As I
sell the last of the junk that I've
acquired on the road, the final wolf
pelt for $4. My score, $4,172.
And that is how I conquered Death Road
and became filthy rich. And between my
god staff and all of those assalds,
there is no way that you could ever beat
my score. 4,94.
Oh [__]